=head1 ActivePerl 5.18 Change Log

For the latest information on ActivePerl, please see:

    http://www.ActiveState.com/ActivePerl/

=head2 Build 1800 Sep 2, 2013

I<What's new in the 1800 Series>

=over 3

=item *

This build corresponds to the Perl 5.18.1 source code release.

=item *

The 1800 series builds of ActivePerl are not binary compatible with
builds in the 1600 or earlier series.  Any extensions built using binaries
from the ActivePerl 1600 or earlier series will need to be recompiled.
Note especially that this applies to PPM packages that may have been
built for earlier series of ActivePerl.

=item *

The 1800 series builds of ActivePerl use 64 bit integers on platforms that
are otherwise 32 bit.  The main benefit is that Perl's scalars now can
represent larger integers precisely, without turning to float approximations.
The C<$Config{archname}> of these builds has grown to include the C<-64int-> segment.

=item *

All Windows builds are now built with the MinGW compiler.

=item *

PPM is faster in the common situation where a single repository is configured.
The repository state can now be transfered as compressed SQLite database image
prepared on the server.

The 'ppm upgrade' command now allow the install area to be overridden and
will install the specified package even when it's not already present.

Running 'sudo ppm ...' now ensures that user files created does not end
up owned by root.

=item *

Significant changes that have occurred since the 5.16 release are documented in
L<perl5180delta>.  Bugfixes that went in the 5.18.1 release are documented in
L<perl5181delta>.

=item *

Most bundled distributions have been updated to their latest released
version from CPAN.  Use the C<ppm list> command to check the exact
version included in this release.

=back
